feat(devx): Split and Edit full node guide (#4182)
iotaledger/iota: docs/content/_snippets/warning-advanced-instructions-node-setup.mdx

:::warning Advanced 

> These instructions are for advanced users. If you just need a local development environment, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These instructions are for setting up a Full node for network participation. If you just need a local development environment, 
```
